CuePilot (Version 1.0)

CuePilot is an app to combine Service Plans from Planning Center and Producer Cues for producers that are running Church Services

The idea is that the user opens up the app, logs in with their own email, connects to their Church, and then is able
to see upcoming service plans from Planning Center, use those plans to then create producer cues (from scratch or from pre selected templates),
then run the cues live in a service using the internal clock relative to the times set on the Service Plan from planning center..

On Launch:
The user is asked to sign into their account. Once signed in, they search for their church's account and then request to join the team.
Once accepted they see a list of upcoming Service plans. The user would then choose a service to begin editing the cuelist.

Editing Mode:
The users sees the layout of the service exactly as they would in planning center and then has the option to add cues before each section. Everything
that has a time associated with it in the Planning Center Plan is considered a "Section" of the service and can have Producer Cues to transition
into it. Once cues are created, they can be saved to that service and also 'Saved as a Template'. Users can then
reference template cues when creating other cuelists.

Template Center:
A place where users can view, create, edit, and delete Template cues.

Live Mode:
In Live Mode the screen shows on the left side of the screen (25% the width) the whole service plan + producer cues with the time stamps of when
each section of the srevice should begin. In the middle of the screen (50% the width) the user see the Cues they need to call in order to transition
to the next part of the service. For example, at the beginning of the service there are cues at different time stamps to hit – 2 minute warning,
flash foyer lights – 1 minute warning  – 30 Seconds, flash foyer lights – 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, Clear lights (2), clear screens & music (1), Roll Video (0).
Then the producer would hit a NEXT button that indicates the first part of the services has begun, and the middle screen would then show the next
set of cues to move the service from the opening video into the hsot on stage. And so-on through the service. At the top of the screen there are three clocks.
The First is the actual local time, the second is a timer for how long you've been in this section of the service, and the third is a the time you need to
be in the next part of the service based on the plan imported from Planning Center. The right side of the screen (25% Width) is a section where a producer
can add notes to cues or service sections using the either the magic keyboard or apple pencil.

Once a service is complete, a summary is created, saved to the user and church's account showing a recap of the service with planned versus acutal time and notes.

When in Live Mode, CuePilot references all times in the planning center plan. So if there are two+ times indicated next to a section, CuePilot understands this
as an indicator for multiple services. Say the last section of the service says it ends at 10:30 and 12:00, after the first service is complete, CuePilot then sets
for the next service by looking for the next closest time (e.g. Production Team in places - 10:55AM) and treats it like another section of the service. 

Business Model:
The business model of this app includes a free and paid tier. The free tier allows you to import services and create cue lists that can then be exported into a PDF
to be printed and used. Once a paying member, the user can then use features like cue templates, live mode, and the service recap.

Over time users can track where their services run over or under their planned for time.
